Hi guys all right
I'm going to make a video for you today.
how to put a political okay to make a
hairstyle in case applies here is this okay
It is a synthetic apply a vote
synthetic hair doll also for
make a simple born hairstyle for the night
It's so different, so it looks nice, it's good.
I hope you think I think any
hair shop predicting the fall of
hair is not medicated post them 30 thousand
And that's how I made a map in that
goal of the silver to people you can
above is on the other side and finally
but I did here on the backside of a nape
because I want it if the dog stays
Gelatin, that's good, then that ass is made.
How I going to apply it?
need to respond with a
speck end this elastic okay that
people got to get this heck and I already
I've learned so many people if you want to see
how does this car I think in
other videos of my teaching hairstyle
to do then we do a walk type
snail picks up the blond clamps holds the
maximum that people
this little ball
It 's important that the appliance has
to be the color of your client 's hair
or your hair strengthens even in
House
it's a simple thing to people
nothing then we're ahead and this ball
good
stayed alone on a normal day
and apply what I'm going to use here in this
huh
he comes he comes in here with a
piranha the people with a tab
only then I took it to stay this retinha
I think I 'd better work for
he is cached has replicated with the
turning points with had done
Listen , we'll put him here.
That's good, and we'll pass the
inside this network that
full of holes is fine then it's the
next time we are seeing this
round in this little ball that we made
with which the hair is why it has to
be like cutting the same type of people the
hair gives you that you will put the
hot synthetic hair does not have
problem
How is the night, does not it show much for this?
test it is important that it be the same
okay if the person still on the right to die
This is more than Mexico.
So we'll send them there and heal us.
grams of this silver little 'first
puts enough for the one that would explode
advancing as one applies a test
there is no need to stay
party there frelimo will not the bunches one
Good face, people are good at this
low
it's important to learn well
this habit is good
If you have done this you can leave a message
fringe
we give a touch the end I did aside
but you can do it here at the top of
head on the other side and finally
Look how it turned out so he stays like this.
You can be using it to do it.
a waterfall or even a touch more
Full I chose to leave this aside.
because it had not yet made closed to
From there to you, that's it from here.
simpler easy and practical seeing
takes almost nothing
So that's it I went there on the blog that is
Mirror is controlled sport man like
br br point I 'll leave the link here
underneath if you do not stay you choose
boto navigator that will give a direct air
inside my blog I have the rhythm of
My facebook, that also has you.
Talk to me better, as you can see.
more photos work and the blog also on
blog has a facebook link and here in
down the video
in the video description it has a link too
besides the blog link that is on the tip
sports like brt a link in the
Facebook
then do not have one and go there and if in
not vote the result that you
are already selling well here O're it
It looks pretty good , so it was
Awesome, it's okay.
in this
You can be doing hairstyles with
synthetic furniture up to this
leaves to the next biennium